Foundation Technologies 20050703

Finnished by: MLeo Daalder
Originally by: Dasher


What does this mod do?

Foundation Technologies (aka FTech) is designed to revolutionise the way scripters 
and 
ship modders can add (new) technologies to BC (and it's ships).
It provides scripters with the basic structures to create new things of which you only 
need a couple of things to add and you have a new technology and it allows an easy 
setup 
for loading your new technology into BC.
And it provides ship modders an easy way to include technologies to their ships.
More on these things later.
It also incorporates Inaccurate Phasers for as well the torpedoes and pulse weapons 
and for non-player ship.
In the standard package there will be several technologies included of which you will 
be familiar through ATP.
FTech is more or less designed to be "the next level" for ATP. But all the 
technologies are plugins.


Requirements: 
	The Foundation (get it with BCMP or BCMI).
	Patch is optional.


Installation: 
	Unzip the contents of the zip to your Bridge Commander directory.
	And make sure the contents of the scripts directory (from inside the zip) 
	comes in BC's script directory.
	And not to forget, make sure that the directory structure stays preserved.

 
Included in this package:
	Foundation Triggers (by Dasher).
	Foundation Technologies version 20050703
	Standard Technologies:
		Ablative Armour
		Multivectral Shielding
		Regenerative Shielding
		Reflector Shielding (aka Corbonite Shields)
		Immunity (for disablers)
		Disablers:
			Power Disabler
			Sensor Disabler
			Warp Disabler
			Impulse Disabler
			Shield Disabler
			Cloak Disabler
			Multiple Disabler
			Random Disabler
		Timed/Splitting Torpedoes:
			Splitting Single Target
			Splitting Multiple Target
			Cloak Disruptor
		Torpedoes:
			Breen Dampner
	Second Party Addons (developped by me during development of FTech):
		Phase Cloak
		Phased Torpedoes
		Isokinetic Torpedoes (from the S4 voyager episode Retrospect)


Credits:
	Dasher for his Foundation, which makes Modding not a pain in the neck for 
BC.
		And for allowing me to finish this great and revolutionairy mod!
		We are sorry to see you go.
	Apollo for ATP.
	Sneaker for his Inaccurate Phasers (which Dasher originally adapted for FTech 
and I 
		adapted to include non-players).
	Defiant for lot's of testing and suggestions.

	Beta testers:
		Defiant,
		Mark (Ignis),
		Darkthunder (also thanks for making a start writing down how to use 
		various parts!)
		The other people who have tested this and whom I have (shamefully) 
		forgotten.
		You know who you are you have deepest gratitude for helping this out!


See the included rtf version of this readme on more information!
