This file will detect where Bridge Commander is on your hard drive and will install all files to the correct folders. The systems included here were adapted from the Single Player Map versions of the maps. The original Multi-Player maps that came with the game will still be available. 

The only requirement for this mod to work is a clean install of Bridge Commander, patched to 1.1. There are no new ships or adjustments to current ships in this download. 
I would reccomend Dark Gunman's Improvement pack at http://www.bcfiles.com/file.info?ID=20752 for better visual effects in the systems, but it is not a requirement.

A very special thanks to Jeff Watts, Jr for some great AI work that is the backbone of this mod, and a special thanks to Banzai Zap for his tireless efforts with system making. Without them this mod would not be possible.


In the Multiplayer menu you will see the following systems, complete with descriptions....



Earth

The Planet Earth, and the Moon, and the Sun. There several Federation ships on patrol defending the transports - and a Starbase. Wrath shall come upon you if you attack the base. Background activity includes the transports going to the Moon. This system based on the original Sol3 by Dasher 42.

Vulcan

The planet Vulcan, with some peaceful background ship acvtivty, and points of interest, targetable, around the planet. A peaceful system.

Q'onos

The Klingon homeworld, with one moon and what is left of Praxis. There is some background Klingon ship activity here. The ships will fire back if attacked.

Romulus

Romulus and Remus, complete with the rift made famous by Star Trek: Nemesis. There is some background Romulan ship activity. The ships will fire back if attacked.


Annihilation

The Ultimate Multiplayer Battle. 7 ships of different races all attacking each other.
Federation, Klingon, Romulan, Cardassian, Kessok, Hybrid, Transport.   

There is an 'Escape' System called 'Annihilation 2', which is where you start out. When you go to 1, it becomes difficult to tell who is firing on who. Any Player joining this will be randomly attacked by any or all of the ships on a random basis. 

If you escape back to the other system, you may find that 1 or 2 ships follow you there. 


UNIVERSE

The Star Trek Universe, consisting of..
Earth, Wolf 359, Deep Space Nine, Qo'nos, Khitomer Colony, Romulus, Cardassia, Risa

Ships here:
a Galaxy Class to defend DS9 
a Warbird hanging out near Romulus and Remus
a Vorcha in the Qo'nos/Praxis area
the USS Sovereign near Earth
a transport/rescue ship moving between Earth and Wolf 359 (neutral) 
the USS Farragut in Wolf 359 

DS9 will defend itself against any player and has a Galaxy Class to help it.
The Khitomer Colony will defend itself against any player
The Insect Hive will defend itself against any player

Because of all these things in one map - none of the ships will fire unless they are engaged first. This way they will stay in their original areas of space. The USS Venture actually says USS Venture on the hull. It is set to defend DS9, but will not defend itself if attacked first. So if that happens you need to go help her. 

The Universe Map can be laggy, so beware.


Calufrax


3 Stars and 5 Planets, set up 3 different ways. 3 systems rolled into one - warp between them. One star is taking stellar matter from another star. There are some surprises here, namely the 'Unknown Race" that comes warping in to find you. Perhaps you and your 'Enemy' can destroy him first then go after each other. You'll start out in Calufrax 3.


Deadly Nebula

There are two ships, Federation, who are not responding to hails and are headed straight for a gaseous nebula that will eradicate their shields and destroy the ships. It is feared that the crews of both ships are gone or disabled. If you have time, use your tractor beam to pull both ships away from the nebula. The ships will defend themselves if attacked, but cannot move very fast. There is a planet inside the nebula. 


CJones

Warp between 9 totally different systems. There are ships in some systems as background activity to the combat situation that may attack you. Some of the nine systems have been adapted from other CJones and Banzai Zap System Maps. Easy to evade your enemy. Upon arrival, you are thrust into a battle with Romulans in a Multi-Sun system - I'll call it 'Solar Conflict'. Two Akiras are assisting in defense against the Romulans. There is an innocent unarmed frieghter that gets attacked - save it if you can. If you leave the system, one Romulan will follow you anywere you go. The VGer system that Banzai Zap setup is in this mix, use Nav points to get around here - It has two damaged Klingons. You can go to Proxima Centauri or 2 other real systems in space with ships gathering sensor data. or perhaps Fluidic Space  - the system by Banzai Zap out of Voyager. Kelios is a ficticious 5 planet 2 sun system with two ships on patrol and an asteroid field.  Neogiah is another 5 planet 2 sun system, with 2 Ferengi moving through the system (they will fire back if attacked), Nanobyte in a shuttle, and a damaged shuttle floating in an asteroid field. There is a very bright system, named after me, with 5 planets and various background ship activity. Some ships will return fire if attacked.   


Borealis

Quite a colorful system with 9 Stars, 4 planets, and several Nebula. There's also 2 Outposts that are not very friendly if you get too close to them.


Ross 128

This is a real star system in space, and a different twist on Wolf 359. You start out adjacent to the Wolf 359 system, also a real system in space where Starfleet met the Borg head-on. Many wrecked ships are in Wolf 359. Use Navigation Points to get to the Wolf 359 battle area. There's at least one ship there with some life left. It looks like a battle took place in Ross 128 recently as there is a disabled Galaxy Class Starship here. Starfleet Command has set up a communications array in the area of the wrecked ships to monitor the area.


Briar Patch

A ringed planet within a nebula, as seen in Star Trek: Insurrection.


InterGalactic

This is what it might look like between Galaxies. There are 2 Cardassians and 1 Federation ship, all damaged, spinning wildly. If you fire on them they will fire back, but only with torpedoes, no phasers. Original system by Banzai Zap.


Smoke Ring

There is a tight gas torus, or ring of atmosphere around a small neutron star. There is evidence here of a recent battle between the Cardassians and a Galaxy Class Starship. Notice what happens if you fire on either on the two damaged ships here.

Banzai

There is a binary star system with three planets. The Cardassians are set on destroying a neutral outpost above one of the planets, and all shipping within the system as well. Two Federation ships race in to defend the already damaged outpost. Meanwhile a Klingon BOP is after the Cardassians. The way the AIs are set up shows us the BOP chasing Cardassians who are in turn chasing a transport. The Transport is warping between the Outpost and a nearby planet. If you sat there and just watched everything it would prove quite interesting. Your role as a player can be whatever you like. 

ArenaA

A battle arena made of a condensed solar system. There are two Starbases here, one is Federation, one is Cardassian, and both will attack any player who gets near them. Both bases have ships to help defend them. There's also an unknown alien lurking about. He won't bother you unless you provoke him. (or maybe it is a her?)

Wrath of Khan

This is the star system with the Regula Station, and the Motara Nebula, as seen in the movie Star Trek II: The Wrath of Khan. 

and.. several systems from the original game not originally in Multiplayer BC - each of them with more than just 1 system to hide in.  


Enjoy!!