New Borg and Player AI

by: Resistance is Futile

v0.2

Changes from v0.1:

Player AI now fires torpedos at the target. Previous 
version fired phasers only.

**You must take extra care when trying to disable targets
from this point on. Make use of the Low Power setting and 
the Phasers Only option where using torpedos would be too 
dangerous. Felix will no longer do these things for you
when you give him the order to Disable the target.**

Credits:

All python files included have been modified by
Resistance is Futile with the exception of the
BasicAttack AI, who's original creator is unknown.

Description:

As seen in the previous release of the "Sample AI Video,"
this mod will allow Borg vessels (preferably Cubes) to
attack multiple targets at the same time while moving, not
stationary like a starbase. While these scripts preform 
similar to that of a starbase, its not exactly the same,
but nevertheless, will leave plenty of your ships disabled
or destoryed. With that being said, the AI is only as good
as the ship it is controlling. Meaning, for you to truely
enjoy this mod, you must have Cannon "BALANCED" ships in
your game. See the "Sample AI Video" for what I mean when
I say balanced ships.

As an added bonus, for those of you out there who are like
me, as one who enjoys the bridge view, I've included a new
player AI file which was also first seen in action in the 
"Sample AI Video." It was created to combat the new Borg AI
as the default Player AI could never last longer than the
first few minutes of battle without being destoryed. The
Player AI will now target ship's best possible subsystems
to disable before destorying. It will also try keep a
"good distance" between target to minimize damage being
received from target. And finaly, unless the Player AI is
"lining up forward torpedos," it will evade incoming fire
from the target automatically while still attacking the
target until it is out of range. 

Requirments and Recommendations:

None. But I always recommend that you have QuickBattle
Replacement v2.3 for the numerous ways to create missions. 

Installation:

I recommend that you unzip this file into its own folder. 
First and Foremost, take the time to view the contents in
this file, as they WILL replace at least four files in your
bridge commander folder. You will need to make a back-up of
any file that you do not want to lose because of overwrite.
There are two subfolders included for you to choose which
files you should install. Just select which folder you wish
to install, then copy and paste the scipts (and Bridge 
folder if you are installing the new Player AI) folder into
your bridge commander root directory. Start game and enjoy
your battles against the Borg.

Instructions for using Player AI:

This new Player AI will only work when you give Felix the
orders to Destory. Maneuvers and Tactics must both be set 
to "At Will." Felix will target the best possible subsystem
at all times. Use the "Phasers Only" option from Tactical
when you want to conserve your torpedos and/or maintain the
best distance between the target. I find that useful when
trying to make repairs without really runing from the fight.
Also, when attacking the same target over an extended period
of time, you will have to reset the AI simply just by
toggling on/off (or vise versa) the "Target At Will" button
from Tactical so that Felix will continue to rotate to the
best possible subsystem target, and not just attack the
same one.

Futhermore, if you have more than one enemy target, then I
suggest that you choose the target yourself and attack one
at a time for now. If the option "Target At Will" is 
selected, then Felix may try to constantly choose different 
targets. This is another feature that I am working on, but
is not yet complete.

Bugs:

None

Legal Disclaimer:

Use at your own risk. I need not say more.