Lost Dialog and Other Changes Script Mod for Bridge Commander
by Kenny Bentley
crash77@k2services.com
http://www.virtuabowl.com



DESCRIPTION
-----------
This is a modification of the single-player game scripts for Star Trek
Bridge Commander.  There were several voice files that were included
with Bridge Commander, but they were not used in the scripts included
with BC.  This mod is a modification of the scripts that makes use of these
extra voice files.  While I wasn't able to use EVERY one of them, I was able
to use a good bit of them.  I also made several other minor changes as well.
Here are the changes you can expect.  (Note:  The following list of changes
contains some spoilers.  If you haven't finished the game yet, you may want
to skip the lists for the episodes you're currently playing or haven't
played yet.)

General:
- Commander Graff says new lines when you dock at Starbase 12.
- Fixed parts in cut scenes where the characters look away from the camera.
- Made Saffi a little less annoying by lengthening the time it takes her to
  tell you what to do.  (For example, the one after the Cardassian distress
  call is 50 seconds instead of 20.)  Also removed some of her lines, such
  as the one in the Biranu battle scene where she says, "Sir, we should
  engage."  (DUH!)
- Ended cut scenes earlier so you can react to situations quicker.  (For
  example, the cut scene ends BEFORE Felix says, "Sir, the enemies are
  powering their weapons and moving to engage!"  And some cut scenes start
  later so that you can get out of red alert or whatever.  Also changed it
  so the game doesn't go into cut scene mode unnecessarily, like in mission
  briefings.
- Added some of the lines said when the user pushes a characters "Report"
  button to the main dialog.

Episode 1:
- Liu mentions that a supply and support convoy is on the way to Vesuvi, but
  the Dauntless is the only ship in the area that can meet their immediate
  needs.  (This explains why a Galaxy class battleship is making a milk run.)
- Added parts to the first briefing.
- Added dialog between Saffi and Picard in the beginning.
- Removed the "Federation ship is only as good as its crew" mumbo jumbo,
  both to make up the time and because it's pretty obvious to anyone.  (DUH!)
- Added dialog with Soams during the transfer.
- Captain Torenn sounds a little more "threatening" in the greeting.

Episode 2:
- The crew notices the first relief transports at haven, and mentions that
  they're running late.
- Takahara stays on screen during the transfer, instead of disappearing and
  reappearing.
- Added dialog in the Karoon rescue.
- Liu mentions a "special assignment" after the Biranu battle.

Episode 3:
- Brex says "one tenth power" instead of "one one-thousandth power".  (Is
  one one-thousandth power really enough to test regenerative shields?)
- Added dialog with Data before you go into the dust cloud.
- Modified dialog when stellar debris is found, and when you scan the probe.
- Added comment from Korbus after you finish defending him from the Cardies.

Episode 4:
- Modified Felix's lines when asked to distract the Galors.
- Added speech from Kessok.  (It's in the Kessok language anyway, so it
  probably doesn't matter, but what the hey?) :)

Episode 5:
- Additional speech from Data after checking out the outpost.  He mentions
  prisoners being held at the outpost.
- Modified dialog from Brex and Data about cutting engine and sensor power.
  This explains why you're "flying half blind with an arm and a leg tied
  behind your back".
- Added remark from Matan.

Episode 6:
- Added dialog in Felix's log and in first briefing.
- Added lines from Felix and Saffi when you and the Nightingale go after the
  escape pods.
- Captain Yi is more tense when he informs you that the strike force will
  have to retreat.

Episode 7:
- Additional speech from Liu in the briefing about the summit.  Includes a
  more specific reason why the Klingons and even the Romulans would want to
  form an alliance with the Federation to fight the Cardies.
- Slightly lengthened the time between the crew dialog and when the Cardies
  arrive during the summit.
- Additional speech from Liu at end of last mission about destroying the
  devices for the sake of the quadrant.

Episode 8:
- Additional speech from Liu about the Kessok being hostile.
- Modified dialog between the crew and Picard when Matan heads towards the
  sun.

There are a few other small changes, but they're very minor and not really
worth mentioning.  You'll probably know them when you see them.



INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS
-------------------------
If you have BC Mod Installer, you can use the .BCMod file included to easily
install it.  This mod can also be installed manually.  To install it manually,
just extract this file to your Bridge Commander directory
(i.e. "C:\Program Files\Activision\Bridge Commander" or wherever you put it)
and everything will be in place.  Nothing will be overwritten either way you
install it, but the BC program will compile the .py files, which will overwrite
the corresponding .pyc files.  So if you want to keep the originals, either
backup your "scripts" directory or rename each .pyc file corresponding to a .py
file.  (For example, in the directory where "E1M1.py" is, rename or copy
"E1M1.pyc" to "E1M1.pyc.bak" or whatever name you want.  If you ever want to
return to the original scripts, just delete or backup the .py files and copy
the backup .pyc files to their original names.



LEGAL INFO
----------
This mod was created using the Bridge Commander SDK provided by Activision
and is made under the SDK agreement.  So if you're from Activision, and you
were already working on a project like this and hoping to sell it for
profit, and I just happened to beat you to it, then I have just one thing to
say:

NYAH NYAH!  YOU CAN'T SUE ME!!! :-P :-)

Okay, I'm sort of kidding, and I doubt something like that would happen
anyway. :-)

This mod is not made or supported by Activision.  You may distribute
this mod freely as long as the original archive is distributed and no part
of it, including this document, is modified or missing.




Any feedback would be appreciated.  You can leave feedback by sending
E-mail to crash77@k2services.com.  Also, if you like bowling, or like to
play online games, check out my Web site:
http://www.virtuabowl.com

Enjoy this script mod, and let me know what you think.  I bet you'll be
surprised at how many voice files existed but weren't used.
