Title		: DJ Damar Class Cardassian Warship
Filename	: DJDamar.zip
Version		: 1.0
Date		: 6/14/11
Author		: DJ Curtis
Contact		: PM at Bridge Commander Central
Requirements	: NanoFX V2.0beta for blinkers

In the Pack
-----------
One ship:
1. Damar Class Cardassian Warship


Description
------------
The Dominion War ended in 2375, but for the people of the Cardassian Union, the hardships were just beginning.  The war brought significant civilian casualties in addition to the wholesale desruction of the Cardassian Defense Force.  The military dictatorship crumbled and the Detapa Council was reinstated.  One of their first acts was to cannibalize dozens of remaining Galor and Keldon class warships for supplies to support the civilian population.  Partly out of demands by the Federation, and partly out of necessity, the Cardassian military was quickly vanishing.

By the late 2380's, economic and social normalcy had begun to reassert itself.  Cardassia was trading with its neighbors and rebuilding its worlds at an astonishing pace.  With the reconstruction though, came the need for a rebuilt defense force to protect Cardassia's assets.  With Federation diplomatic cooperation, the Cardassians began the process of designing a modern cruiser to fill the absence of the once ubiqutous Galor Class.

Named after the great redeemer of the war, the Damar Class cruiser took only four years to develop, and the protoype ship was launched in 2391.  It was half a kilometer long and capable of a sustained speed of warp 9.6, the fastest of any Cardassian ship ever built.  Despite Starfleet's protests, the Detapa Council ordered that the ship be well armed, and new compressors and torpedoes were developed, significantly enhancing the ship's combat capacity over previous Cardassian ships.  In an act of diplomacy, the Federation ultimately agreed to sanction the ships so long as the production run remained limited, a request to which the Cardassians agreed.

The Damar Class cruiser is a highly advanced combat ship that enjoys a good balance of speed, maneuverability and offensive power.  The ship is a capable attacker from almost every angle, though it is weaker in the belly and more potent in the front.  The ship's main compressor and forward torpedoes can bring down enemy shields in short order.

The Damar Class is strong against Dominion War era ships, effective against late 24th century ships, and is capable but limited against ships from the 25th century.


Troubleshooting/Bugs
--------------------
No known bugs at this time.  Please post a thread in the BCC tech support forum if you've got troubles.


SUPPORT THE BC MODDING COMMUNITY!  LEARN TO MOD!  JOIN BCC AND START DIGGING THROUGH ARTICLES.


Credits	
-------------	
Original Design	: John Eaves/Paramount
Mesh		: DJ Curtis 
Textures	: DJ Curtis
Icon		: DJ Curtis
Hardpoints      : DJ Curtis


Thanks to my beta testers!
				
Steps to install
----------------

1. Extract the Scripts, Data and SFX folders to your BC directory.


Copyright and Distribution Permissions
--------------------------------------
THIS MODEL(S) IS NOT MADE, DISTRIBUTED, OR SUPPORTED BY Activision
TM & (C) INTERPLAY & PARAMOUNT PICTURES.

Copyright notices: 

Star Trek, Bridge Commander, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Star Trek: The Next Generation,
Star Trek: Voyager (and the various logo devices used in them) are copyright Paramount Pictures,
as are the characters, related images, and sound from the productions. 

Do not distribute modified versions of these files without attaining permission from the 
author.  This includes mesh changes, textures, HP's, conversions, and any other modifications.
To request permission, please contact me via PM at BCC.