
Title		: U.S.S Eximius
Filename	: Eximius.zip
Version		: 0.95 Beta (not tested in Multiplayer)
Date		: 2/9/2001
Author		: Don Woligroski (A.K.A. - Cleeve)
website         : www.STARYARDS.com
Credits		: Daniel B. Houghton (aka Dasher42) who made it possible for everyone to
use new Bridge Commander mods with the his 'Foundation Plugin System'!
NanoByte, who made the mod packager!
And Fenlock, who made a better Pulse Phaser sound for the Eximius!



Description of the Mod File
---------------------------

The Eximius Class:
Well, here is a design I came up with that was inspired by several ships: The Promethius, Voyager, Steamrunner, voyager, and Sovreign classes. She also has elements from her inspiration... the Excellentia Class, another Starfleet battlecruiser design of my own that is set in the movie era.

I tried to picture the future of Starfleet, post Enterprise-E... to get a direction where it's going. I'm pleased with the result.  =)

The conjectural design history:

This ship has but one , and that's laying smack down. She's a Battlecruiser through and through.

The design is a post dominion war/Borg encounter battlecruiser that incorporates advanced weapons systems to fight those threats, including the defiant's own beloved pulse phasers!

The tubes on this ship can fire both quantums and standard photorps. There are 4 in the front, and 2 in the rear (the rear torp bays are attached to the nacelles)
The pulse phasers are right beside the forward firing torp bays. Regular phaser arrays are all about the ship in the regular places. =)

- Cleeve

Fixes for 0.95 Beta:
--------------------

Added 256*256 textures for Voodoo cards
Add LOD models
Fix damage issues
Fix crash when destroyed issue
Name Pulse Phaser system 'Pulse Phasers'
Lower maneuverability to worse than BOP
Increase pulse phaser power 10%
Add TGL description and put under Fed category


Requirements:
-------------

1. The 'Foundation Plugin System'(grab the nwewst version at www.STARYARDS.com)

2. Enter this line into the PLUGNS.PY file:

import Eximius

NOTE: it's CASE SENSITIVE, and make sure to ADD NO EXTRA SPACES BEFORE OR AFTER!


*** For a detailed explanation of installing ships into bridge commander, go check out the FAQ
link at www.STARYARDS.com! ***



Copyright and Distribution Permissions
--------------------------------------
THIS PATCH IS NOT MADE, DISTRIBUTED, OR SUPPORTED BY Activision
 TM & (C) INTERPLAY & PARAMOUNT PICTURES.

Copyright notices: 

Star Trek, Bridge Commander, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Star Trek: The Next Generation,
Star Trek: Voyager (and the various logo devices used in them) are copyright
Paramount Pictures, as are the characters, related images, and sound from the productions. 

If you use this model in any Bridge COmmander project please include this file. 
If you make this file available at your website or anothers please include a link to
http://starfleet.thegamers.net

Please do not modify this file or the included texture with out seeking the authors opinion.

COPYRIGHT DON WOLIGROSKI, 2002

