Future Avenger of Harmony

Model Extraction/Built by: Greystar

Model Animation Done by: Greystar

Scripting and Hardpointing Done by: Starlight and Greystar

Texture Work Done by: Starlight and Greystar

Sfx Done by: Starlight and Greystar

Icon Done by: Greystar

Description:

This is the Future Avenger of Harmony. This is based in my own storyline called Starlight's Dithetaverse (unless I expand it). Like the Sic Mvndvs circulum, it's based off of multiple levels of existence, each exponentially more powerful than the last, but that's where the story ends. There are currently about 9 discrete infinitely expanding planes of existence as well as the spaces between them. There are many races existing within the story, but the AOH is rather special. The original AOH was formed when a mysterious race later simply named the Void destroyed an entire pocket multiverse whose prime origin point was a race that lived in perfect peace, unity and harmony, but they possessed extremely powerful magic naturally fused with their biology, and thus were seen as a threat by the Void. The Void tore apart their pocket multiverse, but it had an unexpected effect of releasing their spirits, magic, sorrow and desires out into the cosmos and coalesced into a singular entity of pure magic, called the Avenger of Harmony. Its goal is to protect similar timelines to its original one, destroy injustice and wanton destruction of life wherever it can reach, and to avenge the destruction that originally created it. Over time it met many races, evolved its consciousness to work even more in unison, and moved to higher planes and higher power. Given that Starlight's Dithetaverse has its fundamentals literally based in magic and the AOH can access all of the magic potential of its current highest plane of existence as well as all the lower ones and everything in between, it's generally considered by this point to be the strongest existing thing in the entire story. This particular version is a Future Version, and there are currently plans to make at least three more that are exponentially more powerful. This version is equipped with Chaos Unity Beams, Harmony Pulses, Solunar Torpedoes, and Dusk Torpedoes. Each one has custom sounds and appearances that I designed and Greystar converted into the necessary files and textures. Any number of the ships in my story are far stronger than traditional ideas because of the sheer power and technological potential of magic. This version alone is capable of taking on a fleet of 29th century temporal borg with absolute ease. While not as strong as the Exile, it generally is matched in firepower with the kind of stuff in the circulum around the power of a Mk II Tradophian Battlecruiser.

-Starlight

Installation:

Simply copy and paste the Data, Scripts, and Sfx folders into your BC KM directory.