Christmas Day Release

Model and Textures by: Maryam (ported to Max and repeatedly fixed by limey98)

Hardpoint by: Me (fixed and twiddled by baz1701 and limey98)

Beta tested by: tiqhud, Lionus, ACES_HIGH, limey98 (again) and baz1701

Screenshots by: JB06 (thanks a lot for them :) )

Sfx taken from Babylon 5 series.




Contact: Contact me on Bridge Commander Central through the PM system if you wish to modify this mod or point out an error and I will work promptly to rectify it. Username = Dalek




Biography

The Minbari Sharlin Warcruiser is assumed to be an evolution of the Tinashi cruiser used during the first Shadow War. It boasts extremely powerful weaponry and tough armour that outmatches those of the younger races. By the 2240's, it was the flagship of the Minbari fleet. During the Earth-Minbari war, these ships destroyed hundreds of Earth Alliance capital ships and stations, cutting them to pieces in seconds with there powerful fusion beams. During the Shadow war, these ships proved to be no match for the Shadow Battlecrab and by the end of the war, a large amount of these ships were destroyed or heavily damaged. At the time of Sheridans death in the 2280's, the Minbari Sharlin was still in active service.


In BC

It's here at last! A Minbari ship for BC! And armed to the teeth like it is in the show. I decided to get a bit creative with the hp, since many sites mention it has much more weaponry than what is seen on screen so I have added some pulses just for the hell of it. Also, I have had to cheat a little since there is no working hyperspace mod for BC so I have had to give it warp engines. But everything else is suitably Minbari . One day I plan to create from scratch the Nial fighter to be launchable from the Sharlin.

None of this would've been possible without the help and support of limey98. He managed to convert the original model from Google Sketchup into 3ds Max so if anything, I am in debt to him :). Also big thanks must go to baz1701for fixing my hardpoint (who would have thought shields would be so troublesome) and tiqhud, Lionus, ACES_HIGH, limey98 (again lol) and baz1701 who beta-tested this little nugget of gold.

I suppose DJ Curtis should get a little credit for accidentally calling it the Shalek on BCC. It's stuck ever since. :)


Hardpoint Guide

PolyCrystalline Armour - Shields
MagnetoGravitic Drive - Impulse engines
Gravimetric Fusion Beams - Phasers
Neutron Pulses - Pulses
Quantum Singularity - Warp Core


Notice: This ship is not scaled in size and power to other B5 ships in Bridge Commander to make it more fun to destroy by Trek ships. The JLS Nemesis Sovereign is roughly an equal to it if you want to take it down single-handedly. Or a small fleet of small ships like the BoP would be good at destroying the Sharlin.





Bugs:
When ship takes heavy damage, the hull appears to fragment but considering the strength of the Sharlin, you'd need an armada to get her that weak.



Installation Instructions:
1. Extract files (data, scripts, sfx and readme.txt) to a temporary folder.
2. Copy over the 3 folders into your BC Directory e.g. "H:\Program Files\Activision\Bridge Commander".
3. Play BC and have fun!



Copyright and Distribution Stuff:
No copyright infringement is intended with this mod. All rights go to Warner Bros. and it's affiliates and anyone else who had a hand in the production of Babylon 5. 

Star Trek, Bridge Commander, Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, Star Trek: The Next Generation,
Star Trek: Voyager (and the various logo devices used in them) are copyright Paramount Pictures,
as are the characters, related images, and sound from the productions. 

Do not distribute modified versions of these files without attaining permission from the 
author.  This includes mesh changes, textures, HP's, conversions, and any other modifications.
To request permission, please contact me via PM at BCC.