Star Wars Fleet:

By: Mesh ~ Mesh the 2nd ~ Evtium (on the forums) ~ Quantus (on the forums) ~ Aqualus (on BCFiles) ~ And most recently: BLasToFF (on BCFiles)

Yes these are all one person, why do I have all these Alias'? Cause I forget my password all
the time and are too lazy to deal with my email. So yeah... lol. Just credit me as Mesh lol.

Requirements: 	1,1 Patch
Anything else: 	no.
Tested on KM: Works perfectly XD.


Recommended but not required:

Submenu v3+
Thunderchild's ShipPackA
Alexi's Super Star Destroyer



Install: 	Just extract to your Bridge Commander directory.
		And your done. BCMP is not needed.

Models:

Assault Frigate, Bulk Cruiser, Bulk Freighter, Carrack Cruiser,
Corellian Corvette, Corellian Gunship, Dreadnaught, Escort Carrier,
Interdictor SD, Lancer Frigate, Marauder Corvette, Mobquet Transport,
Mod" Corvette, Mod Nebulon B-2 Frigate, Modular Conveyor, Nebulon B Frigate,
Star Galleon, Strike Cruiser, Suprosa Transport, and the Xiytiar Transport.

I felt that BC lacked in the star wars section of Capitol ship mods. I
decided to remedy that. I'll release these ships as seperate mods if there
are requests for it. This is my second official mod, but my first ship
related mod. I hope you all enjoy it.

As of writing these ships do not have battle ready hardpoints. I am
releasing these bare bones ships in hopes that someone with better skill
might be able to hardpoint these models better then I ever could. I made
tactical icons for all these ships as well as custom scripts which
eliminates the need for BCMP.

This ship pack is meant as a healthy expansion to the current supply
of star wars ships at BCFiles. Which is why I intentionally neglacted
to exclude the ships that are already provided. Thunderchilds shippackA
includes a very nice collection of MonCalamari Cruisers and Star
Destroyers. BC Files also has Alexi's Super Star Destroyer.

Yes, I do notice that some models have sucky textures and are a bit
primitive of design. I converted these ships from X-Wing Alliance. As
such the quality of these ships aren't very high. I did not touch
these models at all other then rescaling them for BC. And let me tell
you, they are HUGE compared to the scaled BC nif models.

I also did not include starfighters in my mod. Unless someone made a
mod to make the camera move faster to track the fighter better, its
just pointless to have a starfighter in BC.

These ships are also orginized in nice SubMenus (MLeo, I love you man XD).

For modders:

I have included various sounds that you can use when you hardpoint the
ships.

Bugs:

Other then having no  that I know of...

Questions, comments, Suggestions? ... Complaints?

towvan@hotmail.com (its also my msn)
quantus85 (AOL Instant Messenger)
Evtium (BCU\BCC forums)

Credits:

Conversions: Mesh
Harpoints: <your name here>
Glows: <your name here>
Original Models: Totally Games

To the modder who makes HP's and glows for these ships:
You are free to mod and re-release these ships without asking me, all I
ask in return is that you credit me with the conversion. Thanks in advance XD.

Thanks:

The Bridge Commander Community (any of them): You guys are really
something. The Modders have taken BC and turned this great game
into truely one of the best star trek games I've ever played. I
keep comming back for more, and I'm never dissapointed. The
community itself has kept BC alive for such a long time. Modders
and supporters alike have transformed BC into a living entity
rather then just another video game.

MLEO: For your awesome and very useful Submenu Mod

Thunderchild: For giving me conversion advice, and
the inspiration that lead to this mod. Also for your
Star Destroyers and Mon Calmari Ships.

Alexi: For your Super Star Destroyer.

Totally Games: For giving us a great game. And for the XWA Models.